SG Corp HR Portal
CR004 - PTO Submission

Summary:
With the addition of our self-service time tracking system, the HR department has requested 
the ability to have employees submit requests for PTO (Paid Time Off).  These requests can 
later be approved at which point they will be reflected in their time sheet.

Requirements:
1.	Add two new menu items to the existing Time Tracking dropdown menu. The options are:
		* Submit PTO Request
		* View PTO Requests
	
2.	The Submit PTO Request page will be a simple form with the following fields:
		* Employee (dropdown with each employee's Last, First names as the text and EmpID as 
		  the value).
		* Date (This should be a datepicker field) *Hint: remember we can decorate the
		  properties in our model to indicate the data type and use @Html.EditorFor()
		* Hours (This can be any type of control you wish, but it should be something
		  that limits the user to entering only one of two values as PTO is only allowed to
		  be taken in blocks of 4 or 8 hours at a time).
	When PTO requests are submitted they should be automatically entered with a status of 
	"Submitted".
		  
3.	The View PTO Requests page will have a list of all submitted PTO requests displayed.  The
	table should include the employee who requested the PTO, the date that it is requested for,
	the number of hours requested, the status of the request, the reason (used when rejected), 
	and the employee who approved the request (if in Approved status).  Each row should also 
	have a button to edit the request.  Clicking the Edit button will load the request 
	in a PTO Edit Form.
	
4.  The PTO Edit Form will load a given request (Based on which was selected in the View page).
	The user can then edit any of the available values as they were initially entered on the Submit
	page.  Additionally, the user will have the ability to change the status of the request and
	select the name of the employee doing the approval.  Edit form fields are as follows:
		* Employee (dropdown with each employee's Last, First names as the text and EmpID as 
		  the value).
		* Date (This should be a datepicker field) *Hint: remember we can decorate the
		  properties in our model to indicate the data type and use @Html.EditorFor()
		* Hours (This can be any type of control you wish, but it should be something
		  that limits the user to entering only one of two values as PTO is only allowed to
		  be taken in blocks of 4 or 8 hours at a time).
		* Status (Dropdown with the the values of "Submitted", "Approved", "Rejected")
		* Reason (This should be a textbox where the approver can enter a reason for rejection).
		* Approver (Dropdown of Employees)
	
5.	When a PTO Request is approved in the Edit Form, the appropriate values should automatically 
	be added to the timesheet for the user that made the request.
	


	
